---
title: July 2025
tags: now
date: 2025-04-09
layout: now-layout.html
---

#### Making 
Recently, I got involved in a project for a really huge B2B SaaS. The main challenge is that the goal isn’t to create something new, but to transfer existing functionality from a 90s-era interface to a new and modern one, adapting the designs from another vendor. Doesn’t sound like a dream project, but after the first weeks of fear and confusion passed, excitement took their place. We'll see where this path takes me.

When I have some time left, I'm vibe-coding a simple timer app for undistracted practices. Boy, is it hard to code when you don’t really know how to program, but I’m trying. Also, it seems pretty expensive to own an iPhone and try to develop something for it—even for personal use.

Actually, no: most of the time I’m sleeping, reading, and lifting weights at the gym.

#### Doing
Sorting things out in terms of what I can do for the local community and fellow designers. While Belgrade is getting hotter and hotter—thanks to both global warming and ongoing protests—it’s not the best time to organize in-person gatherings – but I hope my plans are only postponed, so stay tuned.

In the meantime, I’ve applied to a mentoring school—to work through my relationship with design, mentoring, and mentoring designers. Honestly, lately I’ve been feeling like a cup full of water that keeps getting poured into.

#### Reading
*Sacred and Terrible Air* by Robert Kurvitz\
*Spectral Life: Thinking in the age of metaverses and generative AIs* by Eric Sadin (Russian translation from French)

#### Drinking
Ice latte